# الفصل 1234: Chapter 1234 - 1234: Rank Ten Immortal Gu!

القارة الوسطى، بيت تقارب الروح.

"الحركة القاتلة الخالدة - مطر النيزك!" صاحت تشاو ليان يون، وخرج ضوء ساطع من جسدها.

طار هذا الضوء من جسدها، في غمضة عين، ودخل السماء، واختفى.

في اللحظة التالية، بدا أن المساحة البيضاء الشاحبة التي أنشأها تشكيل غو مغطاة بالحبر الأزرق، وتحولت إلى اللون الأزرق العميق.

حفيف حفيف حفيف…

كان هناك عدد لا يحصى من الشهب تتساقط من السماء، وتمطر مثل عاصفة من السهام، لقد كان مشهدًا مهيبًا!

أمطرت الشهب على سلحفاة وحشية مهجورة تشبه التل.

تراجعت أطراف السلحفاة الأربعة ورأسها إلى داخل صدفتها.

سقطت الشهب على ظهر السلحفاة الوحشية المقفرة، وتشكلت شظايا بأعداد كبيرة، لكن المطر النيزكي المتبقي سقط حول السلحفاة الوحشية المقفرة، مما أدى إلى خلق حفر ضخمة تحيط بالسلحفاة.

واستمر مطر النيزك عشرين نفسا من الزمن حتى توقف.

كانت تشاو ليان يون مغطاة بالعرق، وكانت تتنفس بعنف.

جاء صوت من داخل تشكيل غو: "ليس سيئًا، تشاو ليان يون، أنت ماهر جدًا في هطول المطر النيزكي بالفعل. بعد ذلك، اذهب لتدريب حركتك القاتلة الدفاعية."

كما قيل هذا، انفصلت السلحفاة الوحشية المهجورة وتحولت إلى غربان سوداء.

كان هناك عشرات الآلاف من الغربان.

كانوا مثل السهام السوداء، يطيرون حولهم وهم يطلقون النار نحو تشاو ليان يون.

Zhao Lian Yun's eyes shone, she gritted her teeth as she used her defensive Immortal غو before the crows hit her.

Suddenly, her body was covered in a layer of silver light.

The layer of thin silvery light successfully protected her from the impact and beaks of the countless crows.

Splat splat splat…

Zhao Lian Yun's tiny little body was soon covered entirely by the black crows.

Large numbers of crows were attacking the silver shield, loud crisp sound were resounding endlessly.

Zhao Lian Yun had a heavy expression.

She could feel her immortal essence expending rapidly.

"I have to think of a plan!" Zhao Lian Yun had an idea as she started using a defensive killer move.

At her first try, she successfully activated the defensive killer move.

Immortal killer move — Life Locking Silver Chain.

From the silver shield around her body, six silvery chains flew out.

The chains moved like dragons, they were extraordinary as they flew around in the crow group, stabbing and killing endlessly.

Many crows died, soon, in the ten li of space around Zhao Lian Yun, no crows were alive.

The silver chains also turned into a round cylinder, protecting Zhao Lian Yun, forming a tight defense. Any attacking crow would be ripped to shreds.

"This immortal killer move is amazing, it can attack and defend at once." It had incredible effect in this first battle, Zhao Lian Yun was extremely pleased.

The خالد غو controlling the غو formation sighed internally: "This Zhao Lian Yun is an otherworldly demon indeed, her cultivation level was raised to rank five peak stage using relic غو. After being given a phantom aperture, Immortal غو, and immortal essence by البلاط السماوي, she immediately showed her talent.

Her battle talent is not weak at all, after so little practice with her immortal killer moves, she became proficient already."

Of course, these immortal killer moves were specially chosen for Zhao Lian Yun by البلاط السماوي. They were very powerful and easy to control, they also used few غو worms, the steps for activating them were simple.

"Alright, next, we will train your healing methods. you will get injured, but don't worry or panic, as long as you perform normally and use your immortal killer move, you will recover." The خالد غو controlling the غو formation said.

Zhao Lian Yun nodded, seeing the crows vanish around her.

There was worry in her expression as she asked: "I have already trained for half a year in this غو formation, when can I set off to السهول الشمالية for the rescue mission?"

The خالد غو controlling the غو formation explained: "Don't worry, this is a time path غو formation, a day outside is a year in here. Your time is very tight, battles between خالدو الغو are not just affected by training, there are also many situations that can occur in actual combat."

"Then give me some actual combat training!" Zhao Lian Yun shouted.

This time path super غو formation was placed in Spirit Affinity House.

But everything inside was observed by البلاط السماوي.

البلاط السماوي.

Fairy Zi Wei watched Zhao Lian Yun start her combat training as worry appeared on her face: "Lord Duke Long, do you really think that such training will allow Zhao Lian Yun to adapt to the battlefield? This is too rushed, her battle strength cannot be relied on."

Even though he drank half a kilogram of true dragon heavenly water, it only managed to save Duke Long's life, barely.

He was still very old and weak.

Right now, he was sitting in front of Fairy Zi Wei, there was a chessboard between them.

This chessboard had a huge origin, it was an Immortal غو House personally created by المبجل الخالد كوكبة النجوم — Star Constellation Chessboard, it most excelled in wisdom path deductions, it was the number one wisdom path Immortal غو House!

Fairy Zi Wei was not qualified enough, but after Duke Long woke up, he immediately took out this legendary Immortal غو House from البلاط السماوي's treasury and gave it to Fairy Zi Wei, allowing her deduction capability to reach a terrifying level.

Hearing Fairy Zi Wei's doubts, Duke Long smiled lightly: "We cannot depend on Zhao Lian Yun, but I am not depending on her anyway."

Fairy Zi Wei's gaze shined: "Lord Duke Long is counting on love غو."

"That's right." Duke Long nodded: "Love غو is very unique, even among rank nine Immortal غو, it is extremely special. Most Immortal غو have only one effect, one type of ability. But love غو is the opposite, it can unleash all sorts of effects and expend a variety of resources beyond immortal essence. Most importantly, the power of love can resist fate and luck."

"Resist fate and luck?" Fairy Zi Wei muttered, slightly shocked.

"That's right, love can resist fate to an extent. If not for that, how could المبجل الشيطاني اللوتس الأحمر damage fate Immortal غو back then?" Duke Long exposed some shocking secrets, when he mentioned المبجل الشيطاني اللوتس الأحمر, he had a solemn tone and complex expression.

Fairy Zi Wei was slightly shocked: "What? Back then, did Red, المبجل الشيطاني اللوتس الأحمر obtain the acknowledgement of love غو as well?"

"Precisely." Duke Long confirmed this: "Red Lotus was not an otherworldly demon, how could he have damaged Fate. It was because love Immortal غو was with him, allowing him to damage fate Immortal غو in the end."

"After the battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Zombie Alliance was wiped out, only a few Shadow Sect members are left, and Spectral Soul is trapped inside the giant dream realm. So many fate escapees have been destroyed, this allowed the repairing of fate Immortal غو to be much easier than before."

Speaking until this point, Duke Long needed to catch his breath, after resting for a while, he continued: "However, even if fate Immortal غو is repaired completely, our البلاط السماوي cannot regain its former glory."

"This… is because of المبجل الخالد الشمس العملاقة?" Fairy Zi Wei deduced and got an answer immediately.

Duke Long breathed in deeply: "Yes, because after المبجل الخالد الشمس العملاقة, luck path appeared in the five regions. In the past, Fate was unchangeable, as long as we repaired fate, البلاط السماوي would return to the apex again. But now, we have luck path. Fate is certain while luck is uncertain, good luck is a positive uncertainty for oneself while bad luck is a negative uncertainty for oneself."

"Even if we repair fate Immortal غو completely, we can only control certainty, we cannot control the uncertainty. Only by controlling luck path as well, can we allow البلاط السماوي to rule the five regions and two heavens completely."

"Thus, Lord Duke Long, you gave an order to gather elite خالدو الغو of all ten great ancient sects to go to السهول الشمالية, in order to snatch fortune rivalling heaven Immortal غو. If we get Fortune Rivalling Heaven, will البلاط السماوي be able to control luck?" Fairy Zi Wei asked.

Duke Long nodded before shaking his head: "المبجل الخالد الشمس العملاقة's entire life of cultivation had three stages, self luck, all living being's luck, and heaven and earth luck. Fortune Rivalling Heaven is the apex of all living being's luck. Its true effect is to allow the possessor to continuously absorb the luck of all lifeforms around them."

"Like right now, looking at Ma Hong Yun, fortune rivalling heaven غو's effect is related to the people near him. It continues to absorb their luck, collecting them on Ma Hong Yun, that is why Xue Hu and Lady Wan Shou continue to fail. Especially in refining a rank eight Immortal غو, the chances are simply too low."

"Fortune rivalling heaven Immortal غو might be rank eight, but it actually has quasi-rank nine power. With enough time, and if the affected individuals have enough luck, fortune rivalling heaven Immortal غو would be able to absorb even more luck and gather it into one person. This is also why المبجل الخالد الشمس العملاقة named it Fortune Rivalling Heaven.

The meaning was: by absorbing the luck of all living beings, and gathering it into one person, supreme luck that rivals heaven and earth would be born!"

"هذا كل شيء." عند سماع شرح ديوك لونغ المفصل، أدركت الجنية زي وي.

على الرغم من أن دوق لونغ كان من عصر العصور القديمة القديمة، إلا أنه استيقظ عدة مرات خلال عملية سباته، وكان يعرف العديد من الأسرار الثمينة المفقودة.

تابع ديوك لونغ: "إذا تمكنا من الحصول على Fortune Rivaling Heaven الآن، فسنحصل على التراكمات في زراعة نصف حياة المبجل الخالد الشمس العملاقة."

"في المستقبل، إذا أتيحت لنا الفرصة، يمكننا البحث عن حظ السماء والأرض والحظ الذاتي، للتحكم في كل مسار الحظ Immortal غو، بما في ذلك Fortune Rivaling Heaven."

"عندما يتم إصلاح القدر غو، سوف يكون للمحكمة السماوية السيادة العليا في العالم."

"إذا كانت لدينا فرصة للمضي قدمًا وتحسين مسار الحظ Immortal غو مع القدر Immortal غو، فقد نكون قادرين على إنشاء الغو الخالد من المرتبة العاشرة الأسطورية - القدر! بحلول ذلك الوقت، ستفهم المحكمة السماوية العمق الكامل لإرادة السماء، وسنتصرف بقدرة السماء، وسنصبح الحكام الأبديين للكون !!"

تحدث دوق لونج بهدوء، ولكن في النهاية، كانت عيناه مشرقة، وأظهر نظرة متعصبة وساخنة.

"المرتبة العاشرة غو الخالد؟" حتى خالد غو على مستوى Fairy Zi Wei كان معقود اللسان عند سماعه مثل هذه الأسرار.

"فوق الرتبة التاسعة، هناك حقا عالم الرتبة العاشرة؟" سألت الجنية زي وي بصدمة وعدم تصديق كاملين.
