# الفصل 1641: Chapter 1641 - 1641: Very Interesting

Facing فانغ يوان's immense killing intent, باي نينغ بينغ smiled as she looked towards فانغ يوان straight in the eye, asking in return: "Why should I run?"

After pausing for a moment, she said: "Qi clan's خالدو الغو escaped, that is because they don't know you. We are both from جبل تشينغ ماو, with my understanding of you, how could they escape? Hehe, since I cannot escape, what's the point of running? Not only will I not escape, on the contrary, I will join Shadow Sect."

فانغ يوان frowned: "I had thought of that, but your Bai Xiang killer move is too amazing, it can free you from almost any alliance agreement."

The uniqueness of Bai Xiang was that it turned the خالد غو into a unique existence, even a tiny fragment could regenerate and be reborn.

The essence of alliance agreements were information path dao marks, باي نينغ بينغ could make use of Bai Xiang to self-mutilate and get rid of her information path dao marks, negating her alliance agreements.

Thus, Bai Xiang was also used for healing, to get rid of unwanted dao marks in the body.

"Indeed." Facing فانغ يوان's deep wariness, باي نينغ بينغ laughed, not caring about her own safety: "But isn't that more exciting?"

فانغ يوان snorted, saying in displeasure: "I am not you, باي نينغ بينغ."

باي نينغ بينغ nodded, she stopped smiling as brilliance flashed in her dragon eyes: "Indeed, I have been pursuing excitement all along. This is why I admire you, فانغ يوان, your life is truly exciting, it is so thrilling! Every time you plot, every time you succeed, or even every time you fail, they are filled with excitement.

Especially earlier when you were ambushed by البلاط السماوي and had to escape like a dog, it was truly the most thrilling experience!"

"The other Shadow Sect members cannot understand my feelings. Some just want to save المبجل الشيطاني الروح الطيفية, some feel fear and panic, some feel immense pressure, but what I feel is excitement and thrill. The bigger the problems, the bigger the troubles, the more exciting life is, isn't that right?"

"Others might not know me, but I am sure that you understand me, right?"

باي نينغ بينغ stared at فانغ يوان's eyes with a bright gaze.

فانغ يوان was silent.

Back then on جبل تشينغ ماو, he had deduced that باي نينغ بينغ was a true demon. He was not wrong, that was exactly who she was. To pursue the excitement of life, she could give up anything, even her life. The values and moral concepts of normal people, the complexities of love and hatred, they were all unrelated to her.

She was different from the norm, her world view was vastly different, she only walked on her own path. She followed her own desires, she did not care about life and death.

In fact, باي نينغ بينغ and فانغ يوان were very similar, they were the same kind, only that they pursued different goals.

فانغ يوان pursued eternal life, he was willing to sacrifice anything including himself. Even if he failed and died along the way, he would feel happy and content, because he lived pursuing his dreams, he felt a sense of satisfaction and enjoyment towards life.

باي نينغ بينغ said that فانغ يوان understood her, she was absolutely right, it was the same as how she understood فانغ يوان.

The saying goes, heroes admired each other, it was the same for demons.

فانغ يوان's killing intent gradually faded away.

His killing intent was only a facade, the truth was, he did not really have much killing intent.

Why should he kill باي نينغ بينغ?

فانغ يوان's strength far surpassed باي نينغ بينغ, her threat was very low to فانغ يوان.

Sometimes, when he saw باي نينغ بينغ, فانغ يوان could see his own reflection. True demons like them were too rare, meeting one was a form of luck, it was a form of affirmation towards their goals.

Because of their similarity, they recognized each other, they acknowledged each other.

Thus, back then, when باي نينغ بينغ gave up her life to save فانغ يوان, she said her final words — asking فانغ يوان to live in her place and witness the excitement of life. باي نينغ بينغ had felt that فانغ يوان could take her place to a certain extent.

Sometimes, فانغ يوان thought about it, if he and باي نينغ بينغ exchanged identities, would he have made the same choice as her?

"Hahaha." باي نينغ بينغ suddenly raised her head and laughed: "I can give all of Bai Xiang grotto-heaven's resources to you. But I want the غو worms from Bai Xiang's true inheritance, I am willing to join Shadow Sect because facing البلاط السماوي is truly exciting! This was your excitement, but it will become mine as well."

"In that case, there are three possible outcomes." باي نينغ بينغ squinted, excitement flashing in her eyes, there was a light of insanity.

"الاحتمال الأول، أن تُقتل على يد المحكمة السماوية. بقوتك، حتى لو قُتلت، سيكون ذلك بطريقة لا تصدق، سيكون صراعك قبل الموت بالتأكيد ذروته. من خلال مشاهدة موتك، ستكون أعظم تجربة في حياتي. "

"الاحتمال الثاني، أن تهزم المحكمة السماوية أو حتى تدمرها. وهذا بالتأكيد أمر مثير يفوق الخيال، القوة الأولى في تاريخ البشرية تسقط مثل نيزك متحطم، ستخلق أعظم الشرر في هذا العالم."

"والاحتمال الثالث، الذي أتوقعه أكثر، لأنه الأكثر إثارة! وصلت أنت والمحكمة السماوية إلى طريق مسدود، وكلا الجانبين يعانيان من الخسائر. في هذه الحالة، سأبقى بجانبك، وستكون لدي فرصة كبيرة للعثور على فرصة. قد أخرج حتى كمنتصر، وستصبح أنت والمحكمة السماوية نقطة انطلاقي."

نظر فانغ يوان إلى باي نينغ بينغ بهدوء، وقال بوجه بارد وخالي من التعبير: "إذا قتلتك الآن، فستختفي الاحتمالات الثلاثة."

"نعم، نعم..." عبوس باي نينغ بينغ، وأصبحت مكتئبة قليلاً، ومضت نظرتها وأصبحت لهجتها ثقيلة: "هذا صحيح. إذا مت الآن، على الرغم من أنني سأقاوم إلى أقصى حد، فإن قوتنا مختلفة تمامًا، ولن يكون هناك سوى القليل من الإثارة في المعركة. "

"But if that is your choice, I will accept it." She smiled, shrugging: "I am just too weak, I have to accept that fate. This cruelty of life is also exciting, isn't it? Hehehe."

Death was not scary for باي نينغ بينغ.

She was a lunatic, but also logical and calm. Such a person was the scariest.

But someone even scarier than her was standing right in front of her.

It was the demonic path overlord فانغ يوان who made both heaven's will and البلاط السماوي helpless to deal with.

فانغ يوان smiled as he laughed "Very interesting."

باي نينغ بينغ was a very interesting person.

Right now, باي نينغ بينغ was weak and was subject to فانغ يوان's mercy, she did not try persuading him to spare her, she said the opposite, even exposing her own threat to فانغ يوان.

This was because she understood فانغ يوان.

فانغ يوان was a person who kept a clear mind, he had already analyzed the benefits and costs of keeping her life. Once he made up his mind, it was useless no matter what was said.

حتى بدون كلمات باي نينغ بينج، عرف فانغ يوان أنه يحتاج إلى كل القوة التي يمكنه الحصول عليها لمواجهة المحكمة السماوية والحصول على الميراث الحقيقي لـ Red Lotus. كانت باي نينغ بينج مصدرًا ثمينًا لقوة المعركة، حتى لو أتيحت لها الفرصة لخيانته، فماذا في ذلك؟

كان النصل قادرًا بشكل طبيعي على إيذاء نفسه. ولكن إذا ألقى هذا النصل بعيدًا وقاتل خالي الوفاض، أليست هذه خطوة غبية؟

كان الأمر متروكًا لقدرات فانغ يوان للاستفادة الجيدة من هذا النصل ومنع خيانتها.

"إذا كنت عديم الفائدة للغاية ونجحت خيانة باي نينغ بينغ، فلا يمكنني إلا أن ألوم نفسي، أليس هذا صحيحًا؟"

بالتفكير في هذا، ضحك فانغ يوان: "أوه باي نينغ بينغ، أنت حقًا شخص معجب به، لن أقتلك الآن. اتبعني، شاهد فشلي أو نجاحي. إذا مت على يديك، سيكون ذلك عرضًا رائعًا. ولكن الآن، أظهر قيمتك بالنسبة لي، وأحضر لي رؤوس خالدو الغو من عشيرة Qi، وأيضًا ... جنة مغارة بحر Qi الخاصة بهم."
