# الفصل 1639: Chapter 1639 - 1639: Contest Over Heaven Form

"شكل السماء؟!" فوجئ فانغ يوان، لكنه سرعان ما فهم ما حدث.

كل شيء كان واضحا الآن.

كان Thief Heaven مبجل شيطاني شيطانًا من عالم آخر، وكان ماهرًا في مسار الفضاء وخلق مسار سرقة، وكان لديه أيضًا قدرة كبيرة في مسار الصقل.

كانت حياته كلها مكرسة لإيجاد طريقة لمغادرة عالم سيد غو والعودة إلى وطنه.

لقد كان أغنى رجل موقر، وقد بحث عن المواد الخالدة في جميع أنحاء العالم وقام بصقل العديد من الغو الخالدة. كما أنه كان أكثر من سافر، حيث استكشف المناطق الخمس بأكملها تقريبًا والسماء.

One day when exploring white heaven, he by chance found a mystical existence, after searching on it, he named it natural heavenly spirit.

Even with his مبجل شيطاني strength, he could not refine the natural heavenly spirit.

It was not hard to understand this.

According to المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء's words, this natural heavenly spirit could not be brought out of immemorial white heaven, and inside white heaven, it was replenished by heaven's will endlessly. When خالدو الغو refine Immortal غو, they have to use their own will to get rid of the wild will in the Immortal غو, eventually refining it into their tool.

المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء wanted to refine the natural heavenly spirit, even though the steps were different, in essence it was the same. The مبجل شيطاني's will was strong, but against the natural heavenly spirit filled with heaven's will, that was constantly replenished, he could not succeed.

المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء failed but was not dejected, man was the spirit of all living beings, he found a method, that was to combine the heavenly spirit with other غو worms to form a rank nine immortal killer move.

This made فانغ يوان think of the ghostly concealment killer move that he had, it was also a rank nine killer move. It was paired with divine concealment, even though المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء had used it long ago, these two moves still remained until now.

This seemed to be a specialty of المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء.

The problem was, even if المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء found a way to turn the natural heavenly spirit into a rank nine immortal killer move heaven form, he could not manipulate or use it.

Because he did not manage to refine the natural heavenly spirit.

But this was part of المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء's plan, he knew that he could not refine the natural heavenly spirit in a short period of time, therefore he turned the heavenly spirit into an immortal killer move.

This way, the natural heavenly spirit would be replenished with heaven's will at a far lower rate.

After المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء created heaven form, he did not use it. Before he vanished mysteriously, he left behind many Thieving Heaven true inheritances, he did not forget heaven form either.

"Heaven form killer move has not been truly refined, I cannot complete it alone, it needs a long period of time and generations of wills to cleanse. One day, it will be truly refined by a خالد غو, by then, it would be usable."

المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء also said that even though he left this killer move behind, it could not be controlled and was not a Thieving Heaven true inheritance, it needed more work from people in the future, it was only half a Thieving Heaven true inheritance.

فانغ يوان could deduce the future developments himself.

One day, when the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs explored immemorial white heaven, they happened to find this half Thieving Heaven true inheritance.

المبجل الشيطاني سارق السماء had said it clearly already, this rank nine killer move could only be used by one person, because all Five Xiangs wanted it, they argued and did not manage to come to a consensus, due to their internal conflict, their group fell apart.

The Five Xiangs tried but just the five of them could not refine this killer move, eventually, they set up the bet and agreed to use this to decide the owner of the immortal killer move.

Time passed mercilessly, countless events occurred throughout the ages.

Eventually, the Five Xiangs died, generations of خالد غو descendants of the Five Xiangs appeared and disappeared. Until today, Qi clan obtained the decisive advantage, and after years of hard work by their predecessors, they were finally about to succeed.

But فانغ يوان interfered!

It was understandable why the Qi clan خالدو الغو were so furious and filled with hatred.

Since the first generation of the Five Xiangs, they had worked so hard throughout the ages, their efforts were finally about to bear fruit, and now, he was here to snatch it away!

How shameless!

Too shameless, too despicable!

These emotions were the fuel that Qi clan was using to face فانغ يوان at the moment.

فانغ يوان was only a rank eight خالد غو, they believed that as long as they obtained the rank nine killer move, they would be able to defeat فانغ يوان, or at least, make him wary of their battle strength, they would be able to negotiate.

فانغ يوان came to باي نينغ بينغ's side as he instilled his will into the heaven form killer move.

Inside the heaven form killer move, there was a lump of stubborn heaven's will that remained steady as a fortress, having the greatest defense.

Below this heaven's will fortress were countless wills.

A vast sea of wills!

The bet had been undergone time and time again, a large number of خالدو الغو had left their wills behind. There were strong rank eight خالدو الغو like the Five Xiangs, there were also rank seven elites like Ni clan's خالد غو Ni Er.

Such an accumulation was not strange.

But what made فانغ يوان surprised was that these wills were not moving, they seemed dead like rocks, staying completely still.

Only these newly entered wills were moving around like dragons, fighting above the sea of wills.

Three of the five خالد غو wills of Qi clan went to deal with باي نينغ بينغ's will. The remaining two attacked the heaven's will fortress at the top.

"That is the central area of the killer move heaven form, whoever refines it will become the owner of heaven form!"

"Demon فانغ يوان's will also came in!"

"Persevere, we cannot relax now, we are about to succeed."

"هذا هو العمل الشاق الذي قامت به عشيرة تشي الخاصة بنا بعد سنوات لا حصر لها، في هذه اللحظة، لقد ضحينا كثيرًا، لا يمكننا السماح للغريب فانغ يوان بالفوز !!"

تحدث خالدو الغو من عشيرة Qi، وحفزوا بعضهم البعض، وكانت معنوياتهم في ذروتها.

في الواقع، لم يكن لديهم خيار آخر، كانت طبيعة فانغ يوان القاسية معروفة للجميع، وإذا لم يتمكنوا من تحسين هذه الخطوة القاتلة من المرتبة التاسعة، فسينتهي بهم الأمر بالتأكيد في حالات يرثى لها.

دون تردد، تم شحن إرادة فانغ يوان.

تجمعت إرادته في كتلة وتحركت مثل التنين المرتفع.

تعاونت إرادات ثلاثة خالدو الغو من عشيرة Qi، لكنهم لم يتمكنوا من مقاومة هجوم فانغ يوان الشرس، وكانوا يتراجعون باستمرار.

لقد كانوا مجرد خالدو الغو في مسار تشي، بينما كان لدى فانغ يوان ميزة كبيرة في هذا الجانب.

"المثابرة، بغض النظر عن الثمن الذي يتعين علينا دفعه، نحن بحاجة إلى المماطلة لبعض الوقت!"

"هاجم بسرعة وقم بإنزال منطقة السيطرة المركزية!"

"طالما أننا نستطيع الحصول على هذه الخطوة القاتلة، فقد نكون قادرين على قتل هذا الملك الشيطاني الأعلى والقضاء عليه إلى الأبد. قد نكون قادرين على الحصول على عدد كبير من الميراث الحقيقي الموقر ..."

"حتى لو لم نتمكن من إيقافه، فنحن بحاجة إلى استخدام إرادته حتى لا يتمكن من إنزال حصن إرادة السماء في الأعلى."
